(FM-8323) adding wording around v3 snmp user support (#363)
puppetlabs/cisco_ios: TestMatrix.md

| syslog_settings                | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   |
| tacacs                         | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS | not supported by IOS |
| tacacs_global*                 | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   |
| tacacs_server                  | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   |
| tacacs_server_group            | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   | ok                   |

Cells marked with the * have deviations. See the section below for details.

## Deviations

### snmp_user

> As required by RFC 3414 SNMP server user commands will not be displayed in the configuration output of the device, therefore the likes of `password`, and `enforce_privacy` are not comparable on the device. This means when using the resource to manage v3 SNMP users then we cannot support idempotency and a corrective change will occur when `password` and `enforce_privacy` are present in a manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As required by RFC 3414 SNMP server, user commands will not be displayed in the configuration output of the device. Commands like `password` and `enforce_privacy` are not comparable on the device. This means when using the resource to manage v3 SNMP users, we can't support idempotency and a corrective change will occur when `password` and `enforce_privacy` are present in a manifest.
```

Author: Yes this suggestion works well, just changing it from 

```
Commands like `password` and `enforce_p.....
```

To something like:

```
The values `password` and `enforce_privacy` are not....
```

How does that sound? As these are values of the command vs the command itself.

Reviewer: Yes sounds great!
